---
layout: post
title:      "A Dream of becoming a software engineer"
date:       2021-06-16 21:18:53 -0400
permalink:  a_dream_of_becoming_a_software_engineer
---

This all started back in my sophomore year of high school the class I toook was WebTech thats where everything started. I remeber our teacher tellling about how the internet works and how we are going to learn how to code and learn how to deploy a personal website. That immitatly got me excited I have no clue what I got my self into but little did I know this was going to be a life changer. He fist taught us how to use HTML he made us read throught w3school thats where I got to read everything about HTML and got in intrigued into it. I remeber typing `<h1>hello world</h1>`  when I refreshed the page that was the first thing that popped in the page i was so mind blown how that piece of code could change that into a website so I procceded to do my researcha and by the end of class I was getting to the cool stuff like changing the backtground of the page and more. Ever since that day I could not wait till I was back in that class. 2 days pass by and i was once again in that class ready to experiamnet with the things I was reading. This time I was changing the color of the font and changing the size of the words. I was having so much fun playing around and then the bell rings I was sad to leave. Couple of weeks later my teacher assignes us to build a table with different meats and and spaces for pictures that took more than two coloms I have nerver felt so stuck in my life trying to figure out how to make that possible. so I was reading about colspam, etc. Finally my table came to live it had a dark orange background and a solid border to see what type of meat you would of like to pick. It felt so satisfying being able to accomplish something that I had no clue how to create. At the time my teacher was teaching us how to use php and how we can use it as the backend of the website to see what the user inputted. So i got straight to work and research how things work in php I quiet did not get it but over time I kinda got the grabs of it. So I inplemented the price tag of the meats for each one. When the user click on the iteam it would add it to the cart. Once they were done it would send them to the check out and show them thier total amount. That step was the most challenging one yet that I have encounter. When I got out of the stuck zone I was able to contuine with what I had in mind and that was the user's info. So I added a form for them to fill out and I made it so it was required other wise you couldnt go to the next page with that being filled out. Once I got that finished I showed my teacher and he was inpresssed I felt so good about my self and this is what got my attention and always wanted to be a software enginner I alwasys like to build front end webistes and backend just the way the web works with people information is crazy to me. Your creativity is the limit you can create so many things and thas what made me want to presue this as a carrer. My goal in life is to make it to the big leauges being able to do what I love and expand my skills.
